---
summary: 2 month bike tour in the US and Canada
layout: blog-strava
---

TODO: gear, signs, drivers and road rules, route, solo, on trip diaries stats. 38 days riding

For term 3 of 2023 I had no uni classes available to take, meaning 3 months of time to go do something ... anything. So I packed up my bike and headed for New York.

I chose to go this part of North America because I'd heard good things about the riding (especially an abundance of rail trails). Since I'd be going solo I'd go far since Australia places nearby would be easier to do in a group in the future. The us cultural hedgemony means that so much of the riding we hear about online is over there. 

### Friday September 8th - Sydney NSW to New York NY

Packed all of my things and headed to Sydney airport. I was booked onto a flight via Auckland. this is      the 5th longest direct flight in the world. I didn't sleep at all, definitely nerves.

land in New York, stay at Eddie's

### Saturday September 9th - New York NY to New Haven CT

explore new York, train to new haven. camp at Ali's. Jeff Rosenstock 

### Sunday September 10th - New Haven CT

rainy, jetlagged. Bradley st bicycle coop, modern apizza, east rock. Meet housemates. Camp again.

### Monday September 11th - New Haven CT to Easthampton MA

to Easthampton, Amanda and Susan. No doors renovation. Turkish rice dish for dinner. rainy and weird route

### Tuesday September 12th - Easthampton MA to Brattleboro VT

to fort dummer. $28 USD to camp! 

### Wednesday September 13th - Brattleboro VT to Lebanon NH

to Lebanon, stay with Andy and Lois. dog baby seal. LebFest

### Thursday September 14th - Lebanon NH to Waterbury VT

to cc Putnam state Forest. Weird interaction in montpelier. First dispersed camping experience.

### Friday September 15th - Waterbury VT to Burlington VT

Ben and jerries
to Burlington, stay with Emily. Run around getting BB.

### Saturday September 16th - Burlington VT to Montreal QC

to Montreal. went around since bike ferry starts at 10. flat past border, infrastructure from 50km out from Montreal. headwind, would have been a great day to ride the opposite direction 

### Sunday September 17th -  Montreal QC

in Montreal, fix BB. cool bike shop.

### Monday September 18th - Montreal QC to Oka QC

ride to Oka, swim. rem detour

### Tuesday September 19th - Oka QC to Pine Hill QC

ride to hotel du chasseur, rainy in morning. massive detour, knee pain.

### Wednesday September 20th - Pine Hill QC

day in hotel du chasseur

### Thursday September 21st - Pine Hill QC to Ottawa ON

ride to Ottawa, stay at Jen's

### Friday September 22nd to Sunday September 24th - Ottawa ON

explore Ottawa

Saturday September 23rd

buy rope, chill in Ottawa 

Sunday

ride Gatineau Park and Parkway

### Monday September 25th - Ottawa ON to Rideau Lakes ON

Ottawa to Narrows Lock

### Tuesday September 26th - Rideau Lakes ON to 

Narrows Lock to winery. asked nicely to camp and bought some wine for Jen Bateman

### Wednesday September 27th

winery to Nassau Mills lock. almost entirely on trans Canada today, it's super impressive. atv sections were corrugated. swing bridge at carrying place and Hastings were turned. Campbellford nice city park and big toonie. just pegged out the door, want to see if that makes the condensation unbearable. camping spot nice, I camped behind a shed to be out of view of the road. group came and had a fire.

### Thursday September 28th

Nassau Mills to Ajax
originally going all the way to Toronto but too far on gravel paths

### Friday September 29th

### Saturday 30th

island with Jen

### Sunday October 1st

baseball, 

### Monday October 2nd

Pup has [a song](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iVuB1ZASrGw) named after the Don the Valley Parkway, which runs through Toronto. Bike ride along the Don river. This song has been stuck in my head for years so this was a bit of pilgrimatge. The bke path here is very nice, from what I could gather there's been lots of rehabilitation work on the area recently.

### Tuesday October 3rd

voted, dinner with friends

### Wednesday October 4th

to near Niagara

### Thursday October 5th

to Brockport. Met Danny

### Friday October 6th

to Rochester, day there before late train. Strong museum.

### Saturday October 7th

to chain O lakes

### Sunday October 8th

at Joe's. Went to sharehouse to watch football.  Quinn Dolan with all Dolan bikes

### Monday October 9th

at Joe's. Explore Chicago on foot and L

### Tuesday October 10th

on train

### Wednesday October 11th

on train

### Thursday October 12th

queen anne, to Kitsap

### Friday October 13th

to hotel port Angeles

### Saturday October 14th

up hurricane ridge, heart o the hills

### Sunday October 15th

bogachiel rain

### Monday October 16th

Lake Quinault

### Tuesday October 17th

Aberdeen Jim rain

### Wednesday October 18th

Cape Disappointment. 2 flats in rear, put new tube in. racoons!!!! Met Chloe

### Thursday October 19th

to Nehalem Bay. Manzanita super nice. Loved the climb and descents, reminded me of Sydney to Wollongong.

### Friday October 20th

Originally planning on going to Portland but wanted a chill day. Warned that people are trigger happy in Bay City. Broke bike lock in Netarts
to Cape Lookout. Met Joe and rode with. Met Luke at campground. John grinder

### Saturday October 21st

ride to Portland through Tillamook st forest. backed into in Safeway parking lot

### Sunday October 22nd

portland at Erin's house. wheels abe, bike farm.

### Monday October 23rd

ship old wheels. ride to Estacada and Milo McIver state park

### Tuesday October 24th

Hurricane ridge, stuck in snow

### Wednesday October 25th

at hawk mountian cabin

### Thursday October 26th - Tuesday October 31st

rescued. stayed with Trevor and Christa (check spelling)

### Wednesday November 1st

dropped off in Hiouchi

### Thursday November 2nd

to Burlington campground. avenue of giants, met the group

### Friday November 3rd

to rock creek

### Saturday November 4th

to Fort Bragg

### Sunday November 5th

rest day Fort Bragg

### Monday November 6th

to gerstle campground, met Trevor and Katie

### Tuesday November 7th

to bodega dunes campground. cyclist heading the other way

### Wednesday November 8th

to san fransisco

